Update making-your-new-app-version-publicly-available.md (#698)
vtex-apps/io-documentation: docs/en/Recipes/development/making-your-new-app-version-publicly-available.md

- send the performed changes to the app's repository.

<div class="alert alert-warning">
Notice that releasing a new app version will not create this new version in our infrastructure. That is, the app will not be publicly available yet for installing in other accounts and workspaces, neither will the new version be automatically upgraded on accounts that have this app's major installed. To do so, you need to release the app version and then publish it.
</div>

## Step 2 - Publishing the new app version

Until now, your app version exists only in a local environment. Hence, to try the new settings of the released app version, you must first publish it and then install it in the desired account to run tests.

<div class="alert alert-warning">
To publish your app, you must be logged into the account responsible for the app development. Hence, make sure the app’s <code>vendor</code> is <b>equal</b> to the <code>account</code> you are logged into.
</div>

In your terminal, run the `vtex publish {appvendor}.{appname}@{appversion}` command.

<div class="alert alert-warning">
  <b>Remember to replace the values between the curly brackets according to your scenario.</b>
</div>

> By performing this action, you will turn the new app’s version in which you were working into a **candidate version**. 

Author: ```suggestion
By performing this action, you will turn the new app version in which you were working into a **candidate version**, which is an app version that meets all the basic requirements to be deployed.
```
